README.md, before:

# [課程資料] 使用 Python 分析與探索氣象資料
[Course_Material] Applied Data Analysis for Atmospheric Sciences Using Python

## 更新
- 2018-11-03
  - 上課講義已更新為有解答版本
  - 第一週習題： [https://goo.gl/forms/JMu5PdM3DO3fxqtK2](https://goo.gl/forms/JMu5PdM3DO3fxqtK2)

## 課程大綱 (暫定)
1. Introduction and Python Basics (2018-11-03)
  - Introduction to the course
  - Setting up the working environment for the course
  - Python Basics

2. Getting and Cleaning data (2018-11-17)
  - Obtain usable data from the web, APIs, and databases
  - Manipulate data
  - Apply data cleaning basics to make data tidy
  - Understand common data storage systems

3. Exploratory and Predictive Data Analysis (2018-12-01)
  - Levels of Data Analysis
  - Concepts of cluster analysis
  - Practical predictive analysis

4. Analyzing Meteorological Data (2018-12-08)
  - Show data on map
  - Explore the temperature data
  - Explore the PM2.5 data

Commit message:

Updated course materials: - Bug fixed for week2 - Modified README.md

README.md, after:

# [課程資料] 使用 Python 分析與探索氣象資料
[Course_Material] Applied Data Analysis for Atmospheric Sciences Using Python

## 更新
- 2018-11-17
  - 第二週教材已更新
  - 上課時程調整：12/08 的課程內容分散到 11/17 與 12/01 進行，12/08 改為作業練習，不必上課。

- 2018-11-12
  - 新增第二週教材
  - 第二週習題： [https://goo.gl/forms/ARwizVHTLZqWkAH03](https://goo.gl/forms/ARwizVHTLZqWkAH03)

- 2018-11-03
  - 上課講義已更新為有解答版本
  - 第一週習題： [https://goo.gl/forms/JMu5PdM3DO3fxqtK2](https://goo.gl/forms/JMu5PdM3DO3fxqtK2)

## 課程大綱 (暫定)
1. Introduction and Python Basics (2018-11-03)
  - Introduction to the course
  - Setting up the working environment for the course
  - Python Basics

2. Getting and Cleaning data (2018-11-17)
  - Obtain usable data from the web, APIs, and databases
  - Manipulate data
  - Apply data cleaning basics to make data tidy
  - *Explore the PM2.5 data*

3. Exploratory and Predictive Data Analysis (2018-12-01)
  - Levels of Data Analysis
  - Finding patterns with PCA
  - *Show data on map*
  - *Explore the sea-surface-temperature data*
  - *Explore the PM2.5 data*

4. Analyzing Meteorological Data (2018-12-08: content integrated to week2 and week3) 
  - Show data on map
  - Explore the temperature data
  - Explore the PM2.5 data
